=pod

=head1 NAME

inherit - Like parent, but with version checks

=head1 VERSION

version 0.001

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    package Baz;
    use inherit qw(Foo Bar), 'Baz' => 1.23;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Allows you to both load one or more modules, while setting up inheritance from
those modules at the same time.

If a module in the import list is followed by something that looks like a
version number, the C<VERSION> method will be called to ensure a minimum version.
Note that "v2" is a valid module name, so a version with a leading "v" must
have one or more decimal points ("v2.0.0").

The synopsis example is mostly similar in effect to

    package Baz;
    BEGIN {
        require Foo;
        require Bar;
        require Baz;
        Baz->VERSION(1.23)
        push @ISA, qw(Foo Bar Baz);
    }

You can provide anything legal for the L<VERSION> method.  If you have
Perl 5.10 or later, anything your L<version.pm> will accept is OK.

    package My::Class;
    use inherit 'Other::Class' => v1.2.3; # v-string

    package Wibble;
    use inherit 'Wobble' => 'v0.10.0';    # strings OK

    package Crazy;
    use inherit 'InProgress' => '2.00_01' # alpha version

If the first import argument is C<-norequire>, no files will be loaded
(but any versions given will still be checked).

This is helpful for the case where a package lives within the current file
or a differently named file:

  package MyHash;
  use Tie::Hash;
  use inherit -norequire, 'Tie::StdHash';

=for Pod::Coverage method_names_here

=encoding utf8

=head1 DIAGNOSTICS

=over 4

=item Class 'Foo' tried to inherit from itself

Attempting to inherit from yourself generates a warning.

    package Foo;
    use inherit 'Foo';

=back

=head1 HISTORY

This module was forked from L<parent> to add version checks.
The L<parent> module was forked from L<base> to remove the cruft
that had accumulated in it.

Authors of or contributors to predecessor modules include Rafaël Garcia-Suarez,
Bart Lateur, Max Maischein, Anno Siegel, and Michael Schwern

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through the issue tracker
at L<https://github.com/dagolden/inherit/issues>.
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/dagolden/inherit>

  git clone git://github.com/dagolden/inherit.git

=head1 AUTHOR

David Golden <dagolden@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2013 by David Golden.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

